I announce the popularity ranking division of Chufan contestants
Mr. Chen, his data has been rising
He's number one again.
Suspend the ticket but
He was ranked third.
It's a pity that Chufan can only face being eliminated
Absolutely impossible
Such a public stage dares to fake
How brave
Rising Stars this round
It was supposed to take advantage of the popularity of the contestants and judges
canvass
Punish him alone
Without anyone's help
Stay in third place
I would like to ask everyone here
If the penalty grade is exchanged for you
Has the defense been firmly established and commanded?
It was Chu Fan who agreed
Do you think that's fair now that you regret it?
Before the game starts
Program team
In order to give Chu Fan a fair chance
Deliberately changed the rules of the game
Let him decide for himself to restore the original environment
You must win the first place to enter the next one
Buddy, you don't want to fight terrorism
Really unscrupulous
It's a pity, what a pity
Since this is the rule agreed by Chufan's players
Then our wedding group
Also announced according to the original rules
Penalty elimination return
return
The goods are back to normal.
Who gave you the right to dare to eliminate him?